How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?
    The diff program highlights only the parts of the two files that are
    different. Since the two files are mostly similar to one another, this
    vastly narrows down the number of lines that one needs to check.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
    Having access to such a history allows one to fall back to any previous
    version whenever one wants to. It also allows one to find any new error that
    one may have introduced while working on a file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like
Google Docs does?
    >> Pro: one can commit only when it makes sense to do so e.g. when one
    finds an error in one's code.
    >> Con: one might forget to save changes

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
    Git often deals with software projects that have many interdependent files.
    On the other hand, Google Docs often deals with a bunch of loosely related
    files that can be stored and modified independently.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    git log displays all the previous commits in the repo's history. git diff
    gives a more fine-grained view of the differences introduced and/or deleted
    across any two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
    Breaking something is not a big problem with version control as one can
    easily switch back to a version that was not broken and start over. Fixing
    errors also becomes easy with version control as one can compare different
    versions with commands like git diff.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
    I will use Git for various programming projects.
